README.md, before:

# DeviceCheck Sample
DeviceCheck is a new iOS 11 API that gives you access to two bits of data per-device, per-developer that your associated server can use in its business logic. Here's a fully working sample.

# Getting started
All you have to do in the iOS project is change the host to your NodeJS server's IP. You can do this in ViewController.swift:
````
let host = "http://192.168.0.10:3000" // Change to your NodeJS server IP:port
````


# NodeJS server
Getting the NodeJS server to work is a tiny bit more involved. 
The NodeJS server is dependent on a few NodeJS libraries namely: `'jsonwebtoken'`, `'uuid'`, `'express'`, `'body-parser'`. To install these dependencies you can use `npm install`, this will install the dependencies from the package.json.

In sampleServer.js you'll find a few configurable variables. Fill in your own IDs and key.

````
/****************** Set your values ******************/
var keyFileName = 'AuthKey_###.p8'; // Download from https://developer.apple.com/account/ios/authkey/
var keyId = "###"; // Can be found at: https://developer.apple.com/account/ios/authkey/
var teamId = "###"; // Can be found at: https://developer.apple.com/account/#/membership/

var port = 3000;

// Change this to true when you're app is on the App Store
var production = false;
/****************** End set your values ******************/
````

After you have configured your NodeJS server, you can run it with.

````
node sampleServer.js
````

After that your app will be able to talk to the NodeJS server.

# Apple Docs
iOS docs:
<https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck>

Server side docs:
<https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck/accessing_and_modifying_the_per_device_data>

WWDC 2017 - Session 702 - Privacy and Your Apps:
<https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2017/702/?time=1444>

Commit message:

Add link to DeviceCheck blog post

README.md, after:

# DeviceCheck Sample
DeviceCheck is a new iOS 11 API that gives you access to two bits of data per-device, per-developer that your associated server can use in its business logic. You can read more about DeviceCheck on [our blog](https://www.marinosoftware.com/insights/how-to-prevent-fraud-without-compromising-user-privacy-devicecheck-on-ios-11). 

This project contains a fully working sample app and server to demonstrate DeviceCheck on iOS 11. 

# Getting started
All you have to do in the iOS project is change the host to your NodeJS server's IP. You can do this in ViewController.swift:
````
let host = "http://192.168.0.10:3000" // Change to your NodeJS server IP:port
````


# NodeJS server
Getting the NodeJS server to work is a tiny bit more involved. 
The NodeJS server is dependent on a few NodeJS libraries namely: `'jsonwebtoken'`, `'uuid'`, `'express'`, `'body-parser'`. To install these dependencies you can use `npm install`, this will install the dependencies from the package.json.

In sampleServer.js you'll find a few configurable variables. Fill in your own IDs and key.

````
/****************** Set your values ******************/
var keyFileName = 'AuthKey_###.p8'; // Download from https://developer.apple.com/account/ios/authkey/
var keyId = "###"; // Can be found at: https://developer.apple.com/account/ios/authkey/
var teamId = "###"; // Can be found at: https://developer.apple.com/account/#/membership/

var port = 3000;

// Change this to true when you're app is on the App Store
var production = false;
/****************** End set your values ******************/
````

After you have configured your NodeJS server, you can run it with.

````
node sampleServer.js
````

After that your app will be able to talk to the NodeJS server.

# Apple Docs
iOS docs:
<https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck>

Server side docs:
<https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicecheck/accessing_and_modifying_the_per_device_data>

WWDC 2017 - Session 702 - Privacy and Your Apps:
<https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2017/702/?time=1444>
